Added caching to the async session in request.py and AsyncHTTPProvider (#2254)
ethereum/web3.py: docs/providers.rst

      be omitted from the URI.
    * ``request_kwargs`` should be a dictionary of keyword arguments which
      will be passed onto each http/https POST request made to your node.

>     * the ``cache_async_session()`` method allows you to use your own ``aiohttp.ClientSession`` object. This is and async method and not part of the consturctor

Reviewer: an async method and not part of the constructor

>     * the ``cache_async_session()`` method allows you to use your own ``aiohttp.ClientSession`` object. This is and async method and not part of the consturctor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * the ``cache_async_session()`` method allows you to use your own ``aiohttp.ClientSession`` object. This is an async method and not part of the constructor
```
